Haha no we had you! We gave you life with that penalty, and then we took it back haha.
Yep! 
Haha births home button on the surround system controller (its blue), then go to input and select input 1 I think.
Haha cuz I prob won't leave here like right after the game ends.
Hmm not too sure, this game will probably be done at around 4:45, so prob home around 6 or 6:30
Haha ill be home in not too long.
Pretty good, its been all defense so far.
Haha thought so.
what movie you watching? 
Haha :-P I do! 
Ok.
I didn't get to the guy until late last week, I think ill hear tomorrow.
Haha miss you too.
Haha yea its in play.
Haha ok sweet, and then go to plex on the ouya.
Make sure the surround sound system is on.
Haha you'll have to unplug the cord from the ps3 and into the ouya, also the internet cord too.
That truck was sold in case you guys were wondering.
Yep just leaving.
Just about.
Ok.
Yea oh well 
Just leaving, that truck sold hha.
Yo buddy, not gonna make it, I forgot em had plans tonight and I don't wanna leave the dog by himself for too long.
Its done?! Send me a pic if it is! 
Love you too, how's your hair cut going? 
Ok buddy not sure now what I'm doing, I might have to stay home with the dog.
Okie dokes.
Love you! 
Hey I'm gonna grab something for dinner so don't worry about stopping on your way home 
Haha tell me about ut.
Haha yea that's hilarious, apparently this other Wayne commutes to kitsilano every day.
Haha wasn't him apparently, though he says he might phone in if this other guy doesn't haha.
Haha yea for sure.
Haha I'm not sure, I wouldn't be surprised if that was him ill have to check it out.
Ok sounds good buddy let me kniw.
Yo buddy should I be heading to your place tomorrow? 
Hey girl whatcha doing? 
Haha yea I bet, that very first mission, like the flashback, was crazy with him.
Yea, you have Trevor available yet? I don't 
Haha yea I know, doing some heists with other people is gonna be awesome, just did the first heist last night, loved it haha.
Well you loving gta or what?! 
Its good, just trying to figure something out right now gaha.
Sweeet.
Dad*
That's good, what time us your do getting there? 
Hey lover, how you feeling? 
Alright buddy sounds good, I'm heading that way on Saturday now anyway.
Pretty good. 
shitty*
Haha it would be pretty shifty on gas though.
Haha land rover?! 
Ok well lets do that then haha.
Haha so you don't want sushi? 
Haha do you want sushi? 
Not sure haha, ill see what I can find at the store.
Yea ill do that how about? 
I could pick something up from the grocery store on my way home.
Hmm not too sure haha, want me to cook something? 
Yea same here.
Oh whoops! Haha, coool is it sunny there? 
Goood, getting kinda hungry! You done class? 
Haha.
Oh fuckin rights I forgot about that.
Haha! We might have to! But seriously we could get together.
Hahaha buddy the opening scene is awesomr.
Haha its fuckin insane buddy, so legit.
Yea I don't know if it could go any other way.
Yea.
Well barely it clipped us.
Haha yep.
Fuck that was an intense opening scene haha.
Haha nope this is taking a while.
Hahaha fair enough.
Ussy.
Haha yea doing it right now, you know were starting a crew when the online portion comes out, spicer picking it up? 
Gta!! 
Yea don't worry about it.
Haha really? No I probably won't use them ever.
Nopers.
Yea I think I could get probably $6000 for my car on a trade in, so we would be financing about $10000 from them for the rest of the vehicle, which would probably be about $250 a month.
I think I'm going to phone this dealership and see what I can get for my car from them.
inventory.prestongm.com/used/vehicle/2008-gmc-canyon-sle-id366599.htm I want this truck! 
Haha yep, pre season at 7, ill switch back and forth between that and American ninja warrior.
Jord and Sarah are going to head over around 5:30
Haha ok, and don't worry there's like 40 hours of single player so I won't even be close to being finished.
Haha ok no problem just let me know.
Yo buddy, you still coming over tomorrow for some grand theft auto? 
Okie dokes.
Hey girl, should jord and Sarah brig anything tonight? 
Haha ok will do.
Meet at section 254 at half time? 
Haha alright well if you do let me know.
Yea buddy, if you scrounge up some change you should come out.
Yea Haha its a good formula, I'm going 
Haha yea I bet, I was gonna say If you were you could stay at our place.
Yo buddy, you going to spicers stag? 
You want another? 
Cool, your not that far away, we're 248
Haha ok, 106? Or 206? 
You in yet? 
We forgot to stop by.
Ok.
Ok just cuz evan will take one if there is.
Hey buddy you have by extra tickets left? 
Nice, yea I might have to haha.
Haha yea I can just imagine what its like on a river.
Hah yea buddy! like a boss! haha I was little scared at first but my dad showed me all the steps and it was pretty easy, yea it would be fun to do some drop in for sure.
Ok.
Hey do you have ice cream or should we get some? 
Haha no worries.
Yea that's fine, if you come here after you get back from the fair we can have some din and a drink or 2 and then head back to your mom and dads.
Its not a big deal silly, if we go for desert we should try to be here a little earlier though cuz we usually don't get here until like 9 if we come after dinner, I was just thinking if you wanted we could have dinner here earlier and then head back to your parents for like 7:30 and then stay there again.
Haha its ok though ill just tell her we'll bring dessert later.
you*
Haha yea API did I told you mang.
You can stop by over here if you want? You sticking around town for a bit.
Well I won't go by myself haha, but it would be nice for you to see them too since they were gonna come visit us originally.
Yea I don't think so either.
Haha well I guess she went to the store.
Hey so I think my mom was prepping a dinner thinking we were gonna be here haha, so do you wanna have dinner here? 
Nice, just got to my mom and dads, gonna clean my car I think, em is going to the fall fair.
Yo buddy not making the gym what you doing after? 
Gym?! Haha what time? I plan on having a couple drinks tonight.
I am now, sorry mang, took way longer than it should have.
Yea... 
Trying to get a new version out the door, and as usual its not going smoothly.
Yea not outta here yet, should be soon.
Good, hoping ill be able to leave around three but not sure.
Hey yep you can.
Haha nice, text me later, oh and keep a look out for a keyboard update today, its a big one.
Cool, you sticking around all weekend? 
Yea I think were gonna head down actually.
Yea I know, gives me time to beat the single player first I suppose though.
Yea I'm mostly stoked for the online part to be honest.
Haha woo! Its gonna be fun! 
That'll be ok right? Haha.
8pm.
Haha November 9
section M LC row 26 seat 8, 9
100 bones each.
Woo were going to wizard of oz mang! 
Got my copy of gta preordered, so stoked for that shit. 
Haha yea keep our fingers crossed that we get a message in our xmb about it.
It sucks, you don't, they are just selecting people. The Europe one actually had a sign up, I can only hope they have a log of how many hours a person put in and take that into account haha.
Haha yea I guess but he missed the rest of it. But I'm down for sure to go to his haha.
The spice-a-thon?! Haha nice! I feel bad cuz he wasn't invited to mine though... 
Fuck I hope I get an invite to the dark souls 2 beta.
Haha ok.
Invites? 
Damn, try doing some stretches or something haha.
Jeepers, that's just crazy.
Hey babe how ya feeling? 
Haha yea it was Jimmy kimmel doing an experiment seeing if the video could go viral and it did.
Wow that twerking video was a fake haha.
Hmm that's weird, well at least its getting better.
Yea I know its awesome! How you feeling? 
Its good, just having a coffee! how was class? 
vancouver.en.craigslist.ca/bnc/hea/4056213399.html seems like there are a lot of MOA positions available.
yea I know but could be worth a shot anyway.
Haha got bored at work and thought I'd take a look at some jobs, found these that you might like?
vancouver.en.craigslist.ca/bnc/lab/4042183123.html.
vancouver.en.craigslist.ca/bnc/hea/4043909307.html.
Ok I will, probably just go straight through, won't get to Vancouver until late.
Might be too late to make it there now things are taking linger here than expected.
Haha you know it.
Yummy.
Haha good one.
Ok whatcha making? 
Haven't left yet, might be closer to 7
Should be leaving here by around 330 so probably be in hope by around 6 or 630
Ok I think were gonna try to be there for dinner, not too sure when were leaving here yet, ill let you know when we go get jord.
Ok ill talk to these guys and try to figure something out.
Not too sure yet, depends what time jord is done.
Just hanging out in Vernon right now, jord is going to do a couple sky dives so we're waiting for him.
We are on our way to Vernon with jord and Sarah, stop in hope tomorrow on our way back.
Haha that's good, hopefully his tummy starts feeling better otherwise I might take him to the vet.
That's good, has he gone to the bathroom at all? Did he eat all of that food? 
How's Charlie doing? 
Haha yea I think he thinks I've got what people want and will be able to make some money off me haha since he gets paid if they hire me.
Haha yep I don't have to do any work and he know all these people personally so my stuff gets handed straight to them 
He phoned me today saying that he wanted to hand my resume in to another position if that was ok with me.
its like I've got my own personal agent with this recruiter haha. 
Ok... 
Well its not that good either.
It is though, you need to have a good time too.
Well I dont know! Haha it might as well be one cuz it sucks big time!
Yea theres some excersises and stuff that im going to try. Apparently its totally curable.
I think about it pretty much everyday, and then that's not helping me, I get anxiety about it because of this I think.
Not sad just frustrated, I'm actually reading some stuff right now.... 
Its good, probs gonna go for lunch soon, Agatha doin'? 
Damn I was gonna say we could make a crew for gta online, you might just have to stick around after work on the 17th and we'll have a sesh.
Haha buddy... you know I'm gonna have it day one, you have ps3? 
Hahaha you know it! Fuck I can't wait for that game,  oh and that gift you guys got us was legit by the way! Haha.
Ok sweet sounds like jord might be over for dinner and then Sarah will come after school.
Haha jord*
Haha ok no problem, that's sucks about the mouse, we'll see you later when you get the truck.
Yo buddy, what you guys doing for dinner? If you want, you can come here.
Remax36
Haha sorta,  gotta go get the bed frame tomorrow.
Haha ok we'll be back shortly.
Hey momma did you want to come look at the presents today? 
Just gonna stay in I think, maybe see them tomorrow before we head out 
Hey no service up there, yep we're all set up though, just in time for the rain last night! needed a couple things so went back to town today, see you Thursday! 
Haha ok Ross is just missing his.
Hah ok, you didn't happen to take a different jacket home did you? 
Hey buddy your shirt and sunglasses are here for sure, and a blue striped jacket, is that yours? 
Hahaha.
hey buddy head over whenevr.
Haha yea they're probably all there just stop by.
Hey do you know if someone is on the way? 
Ok perfect, nate is heading there soon and ill bring mine over pretty qyick.
Yea maybe, you mind asking for me? 
Hey, possibly dustin boydell, not sure when he is leaving town or if he has already.
Ok no problem, we'll be over there at some point today.
Oh wow that's good, no I think Sarah is going to come get us.
Haha that's good! Did he wake up early? 
how'd it go with Charlie last night? 
En route.
Ok we will.
Rye.
Haha you know what, not too bad yet! gonna be tomorrow haha cant wait buddy.
Ok sounds good.
Yes, my mom needs to be there at about 9
Haha nevermind they're coming out here.
Wait you going to mikes? 
Haha ok no problem.
Haha oh really well maybe we should go there.
Hey Ross should my mom and dad pick up the keg tomorrow morning? 
But ford and she are heading over and I think Mike melo.
Haha well no, my parents and sister and stuff are here.
might have one or 2, just got here nobody else here yet.
Road block on Richmond hill.
Road block on Richmond hill.
Still road block on Richmond hill.
alright head out to my mom and dads if you want.
alright head out to my mom and dads if you want.
alright head out to my mom and dads if you want.
Haha ok will do in like 10 probably.
Haha ok great! See you tomorrow! 
Yea possibly, I just gotta make sure my mom isn't in bed already haha.
Yea that's what dustin said haha Thanks! 
Gonna head back there and see what's going on but probably shoot the shit with a few people haha.
Ok beauty haha.
Yea in like 10 let me just check and make sure my mom is ok with it haha she might want to go to bed.
Nice, just finishing up at the restaurant.
Haha nice, well I'm not sure where we should go, possibly my mom and dads.
Hey buddy what's going on? 
Yo buddy where you at? 
Ok cool just finishing up.
Hey buddy what's happening? 
2:30 is probably good bud.
haha yea man, seems that way.
Haha not too sure, gonna go have some din with fam, then try bot to get too rowdy haha.
Nice buddy no worries, just curious, get some rest haha 
K cool, ill text you after dinner.
Nice, I'm just going for dinner with some family then lets get together? 
Haha yea man, hands down the best one there, what doing now? 
You in chilli? 
Nice buddy, lets get together when you're back.
So be at my parents place around 2 or 230 I'm thinking, what you doing tonight? 
yo buddy how was the slides? 
thank you.
Good, I think ill be heading home soon, an you feed Charlie for me? 
Haha ceremony starts at 4:30
hmm not too sure, I don't think so.
Haha apparently the tent guys are coming back today and doing all that now.
Ok change of plans, don't need you anymore haha but Thanks for sticking around though.
Ok right on.
Hey buddy probably come get you around 10
Hey buddy I can swing by and grab you, I'm not quite sure when yet haha.
Haha me neither! gonna be a good time! 
Haha don't worry about it I'm pretty casual 
Haha not too fancy but not too casual either haha.
Be there in 5
Be there shortly after 4 ceremony starts at 4:30
Haha no problem! 
Beauty.
Haha I will! 
Hey Sally, its 19869 Marie st.
Haha atta boy 
Haha oh really? yea it was 197 more for me but I paid 40 down on it, and I think you guys paid 20 so it should be 217 for you 
Hey buddy, picked mine up today so did nate, you just gotta stop in tomorrow and get ut.
Haha k dope, yea I'm not too sure yet, I think the white one haha but it may change.
Ok sounds good, tee times at 8 so be there by like 745
Hope.
Hey buddy you wanna come out with us tomorrow or just meet us there? 
You guys at the lake still? 
Ok sounds good.
not sure, maybe like 1:30
Haha I know! 
Ok.
Leaving now, gotta go to the states quickly though.
K he's in.
Me, you, my dad, Tyson, a couple of my uncles, cousins, etc. haha 
Hey buddy there's room if you still want to come.
K sweet 
Should I tell him there's room? 
It would just be nate.
Ok not sure if I'm gonna make it, leaving work a bit late.
Haha ok.
Haha ok I gotta make sure there is still enough room haha.
Ok.
So you think there is room for nate to golf? 
tux * haha.
Website*
Looks like golf will be $30 looking at the white, also just got my email about my tug being ready for pick up.
Haha ok.
Alright its not for sure still, how muh is a round? 
Hey buddy is there still a spot for golf? 
Ok ill se what time i can leave the office.
Oh right ok cool, i may try to stop by then, what time? 
Alright where you guys going? 
Haha oh really? That must be something they came up with on their own again last night haha.
Haha not sure actually,Tyson made the booking, I can check.
tomorrow?
Haha yea you in?
Yea its 2 bucks a drink.
Early buddy haha, 8
Haha I think you owe like $220 more or something.
Haha fair enough.
Haha I know right, the bay isn't really the best spot for those though I guess haha, but you don't have to stick the script so to speak if you don't want to haha.
Haha yea? Why is that?
Yea buddy looks like it should be in tomorrow or Wednesday.
Oh weird, alright well ill check and get back to you, yea I thought it would be coming in like tomorrow or Wednesday probably.
I *
Oh really? Haha well shit it haven't heard anything yet.
Haha I'm not sure, I don't have mine, I'm going to phone them today just to see.
Okay thanks! 
Oh yea! I'll do that too.
Ok no problem will do.
Okie dokes, see you in a bit.
Hey should we bring anything for dinner? 
Haha ok no worries.
Yo buddy not sure what you're doing, but you could come to my parents if you want, shane and spicer are here.
Ok sounds good.
Shane haha.
Shake will be there before us probably haha.
Okie dokes, heading over.
You guys still awake? 
Haha yea sorry got carried away at ems parents.
Hey buddy be at my parents at 9
Cool, ill text you when we get there if you wanna head over or something? 
Hey buddy just gonna text you, gonna head to my parents in a little bit, what's your guys plan? 
Nice! what doing? 
Yea buddy.
Hey buddy that was a mistake Haha you dint need to be there for that, its just the ceremony were rehersing.
But seriously though if this is as good as it looks it might last me until dark souls.
Hahahaha yea dark souls 2 should consume about 2 years of my gaming life.
Yea buddy got me all pumped up.
Nice that'll be sick to start up a crew and go and rob some banks and shit haha gotta get shane and those guys on board.
I hope that once you start a world with certain players you can just stay with them.
haha and yea I can hold off on next gen for a bit I think.
Oh well give me time to brush up on single player then jump into multi.
Haha haha damn guess it'll be more than a month for online 
Haha yea it looks fucking rad, I can't believe that'll be out in less than a month.
Yo buddy you see that grand theft auto online multiplayer trailer? 
Haha no worries I forgot that you were even picking that up! haha have a good one.
Haha that's awesome.
Yea I'm assuming that my dad is going right? 
Nate*
Not sure possibly mate but Ross said he's going to pass.
Hey buddy chalk me in for golf k.
Hey should be done pretty soon.
Ok I will Thanks again! 
Haha that's good! Its good so far Haha haven't actually ate yet.
Hey hey, how's it going? Is Charlie being a crazy boy? 
Ok no worries let me know 
Beauty! You wanna hit up the falls that morning? 
Haha no worries big guy, you gonna make it to the rehearsal? 
Haha its at the bay under fullbrook.
Thank you! 
Hey Sally! I'm just wondering if you know what time the tents are being set up on Thursday? I'm just curious if I have time to go for a round of golf in the morning?
Just so you know, Nicole is invited to the dinner and stuff too haha.
That's no problem! See you next week! 
Ill just check and see what time the tents are coming and stuff.
Hmm it depends on the time, it would probably have to be early in the morning for me to go.
Ok cool buddy.
K just head around back like last time 
Hey buddy just got home so you can head over whenever.
Yo boys, not sure if you've seen Facebook or not but check it out when you get a chance, I put some details about the rehearsal and dinner and stuff on there.
Yo boys, not sure if you've seen Facebook or not but check it out when you get a chance, I put some details about the rehearsal and dinner and stuff on there.
Yo boys, not sure if you've seen Facebook or not but check it out when you get a chance, I put some details about the rehearsal and dinner and stuff on there.
K sounds good.
No that's good with me unless you got something going on.
and that's fine about dusty, we'll just add him to a table.
Not yet, gonna make an appointment tomorrow 
Cool I'll mention it to em and see what she thinks, she might like the idea.
We have photographers but not video.
get a couple drinks in ya first too haha.
Haha yea that's what I figured.
Haha yea I would be too, I fucking hate talking in front of people, but you got sherina with you and she said she wasn't nervous at all haha so worse comes to worse you let her do most of the talking 
Ok cool, ill give you a shout when I'm close then.
Cool sounds good, I'm usually home by 4 or 4:30 ill try to finish a bit earlier tomorrow though.
Hey man yea ems working all week so if you want you can just pop by any day except Wednesday I can give you the run down, also I think sherina is going to get a hold of you at some point and talk about some stuff.
Oh right, well it might even be that day even, depending on when they come in really, but I think you can pick it up whenever after it's in 
Haha nope, you can just wear whatever, we are having a bit of a dinner type thing after so you don't want to wear your grubs or anything haha.
Hahahah.
rehearsal haha.
Yea wedding is on Saturday, but the reversal will prom be around 3 or 3:30
Haha next buddy, were gonna put a little Facebook thing on for the wedding party for reversal and dinner that will be on the Thursday before the wedding.
Haha ok no problem, he can always find someone else if need be.
Hey Ross his number is 604-860-9432 
hey buddy, I think you might get a call from Ross about some painting if you're interested 
Yea ems last name.
The bay buddy.
Ok no worries yea I think they just decided randomly haha anyway that sounds good, I'll let you what day works best depending on em's work schedule.
Yo buddy I know this us a little short notice haha, but I guess sherina is coming over here tonight and were gonna discuss about MCing the wedding, no big deal if you can't make it we can always get together with you a different night this week.
Sweet! We're excited to see you too! Charlie is gonna go crazy.
Ok leaving hope in about 5 mins.
Ok sounds good! 
Ok sounds good.
Hey maybe do you sauna do dinner? me and em could bring some stuff? Be there around 3 or 4? 
Not too sure when that will be yet 
Cool, em and I were thinking we'd stop by on our way home.
Hey whatcha doing later today? 
Ok no prob.
be heading there in a few.
Yep if its not too late! 
Ok that's no problem.
Ok em was thinking that we could go there after dinner and then maybe talk about some stuff for the rehearsal dinner and also the seating plan.
Hey momma, I guess I'm coming to hope tonight, are you guys free tonight? 
Haha oh gotcha.
Oh gotcha, em's actually in hope, did you guys try her phone? 
Hey buddy you try calling? 
8
Thank you! 
Okie dokes.
Hey momma, do you mind thinking up a little bit of a seating arrangement for some of our family members and stuff for the dinner? 
Ok.
Ok just sent you the new ceremony doc.
Ok so em and I going to do that later tonight so ill have it for you then.
Yea ill send a new one today.
So I think were going to shorten that beginning mart down a bit now.
I just sent an email to your home address with the new wedding ceremony doc.
Ok sounds goood.
Just heading to the beach! 
Haha gotta love it.
Hahaha yea I vaguely remember this.
Ok thanks! 
Haha ok we'll take the ones for the 15th.
Ok so I can only pick one of those games? 
Haha that's ok, nobody wants them for either game? 
How many tickets? 
What?! Heck yea, ill take them.
Maybe is somebody selling tickets? 
Oh dang, we'll get it another time, the highway was not bad, an accident by no. 3 road so that section was slow.
Haha yea for sure.
Haha nice, and yea nate showed up and grabbed his stuff a little bit ago haha, long story short, he said he shoulda came on the bus haha.
Haha a little groggy, mostly tired I think haha how bout you? 
Haha k sounds good.
Haha yep, yours is here.
Hahaha yep.
Ok thank you! 
Ok no problem.
Hey Sally, just letting you know that Nick went home with my mom and dad, he got a little bit drunk and I don't think he would have enjoyed the rest of his night here if he stayed.
Thanks! Hopefully make it out alive! Haha.
Yo buddy, if you're there by just before 8 that's good.
K sounds good.
Or you got something else in mind? 
Nice you wanna head out here? Have a fire or something? 
Not much big guy, just thrown the ball around for the dog.
Nice! What's your status? 
Yo buddy, you in town.
Hahaha ok cool, yea let me know when you get here, just having dinner at my parents right now.
Yo buddy, just got to hope, you coming out here tonight? 
Hopefully be there by 6, if traffic picks up.
Haha yea man, it is pretty crazy to see the different roads staking right now, congrats to you too big guy.
Hahahaha.
Haha dammit! I forgot about it, now I gotta go get some haha.
Haha no worries, yea nate couldn't make it anymore so we'll just do it another day.
Haha k beauty.
Yea buddy, how long you in richmond? 
Haha k scratch it, nate has to bail out anyway.
Yea man no worries, Shane hasn't gotten back to me anyway.
Well! Are ya in? Haha.
Sweet, ill make sure shane wants to go still too.
Alright nates in for the beaver if you still are? 
Yeaaaaaaa buddy! You still want to hit up the flying beaver today? 
Ok cool ill see if I can get a hold of those guys.
Haha well its not until 7:15
Beaver tomo? 
Sweet, I'll most likely be there, not sure about em though.
Brutal, how was the commute? Haha.
Yo buddy, dustin knows how to get in when you guys get here, and if you're not with him then just phone me.
Yo buddy if you come around back when you get here that'll be the best way probably.
Hahaha getting rowdy.
No problem, you too! 
Ok sounds good! We might take you up on that.
Haha yea I really gotta remember to brings those out here.
Fuck if I had my clubs I would love to haha.
I think we'll just feel it out see what everyone feels like doing, maybe grab a bite somewhere.
and I'm not sure about paying, but probably I'm thinking.
Like after the fitting tomorrow? 
Everyones coming actually haha.
Haha well that's just a given hahaha.
Sweet.
Oh damn, yea that would make you want to leave her out, we've been lucky cuz Charlie doesn't go to the washroom in his kennel, just sleeps mostly 
Yep that works.
Hahaha damn buddy, we've been putting him in his kennel when he's by himself so not yet.
Sweet, you want me to meet you out front? 
Haha sounds good! Yea they just got hyper for some reason.
Yea man haha, Charlies a bit of a brute so I hope kona still likes to play rough haha.
Haha oh crazy, big party? 
Haha good buddy, he's getting big already haha.
Oh nice, whose wedding? 
How's the puppy doing? 
Haha might as well.
yea buddy its 6048609432 
Alright cool yea he's coming out.
K cool.
Yo buddy if you're here by shortly after 11 tomorrow that should be good.
Yo buddy if you're here by shortly after 11 tomorrow that should be good.
Yea buddy, need to be there by 1130 so if your at my place by 11 that'll be good.
7 Rialto court new westminster.
If you can't make it you can always go a different day on your own.
Yea buddy so sunday at 11:30 were gonna go to moores, but you can meet at my place before if you want.
Yea buddy so sunday at 11:30 were gonna go to moores, but you can meet at my place before if you want.
Yea buddy so sunday at 11:30 were gonna go to moores, but you can meet at my place before if you want.
Yea man just about, should be a good time haba.
Haha yea man, shits coming up fast.
Haha yep, hard to believe its only 2 weeks away.
I think hope but I'm not 100 percent, gotta find out from jord.
Haha yea we I guess were gonna do nine at the stag anyway I think.
Its just in new west, more specifically Queensborough, pretty easy to get to.
Alright cool, oh and I forgot my fucking clubs in hope again of course... 
Alright cool, might be easiest if we all go at the same time but doesn't matter, ill let you know a time by tomorrow at the latest.
Ok well no biggy if it isn't, I'm just gonna go do the suits and was thinking if you didn't want to worry about going on your own you could come down and do it at the same time.
Well in new west, its just at moores, so once I've got the type and colors all figured out you can go to any moores and get sized.
Ok well if not its not a big deal, you can always go to a different one too once I've got it all figured out.
Alright you still gonna be in cloverdale? I'm thinking about getting the suits all sized up then.
Yo buddy, what's your schedule like next sunday? 
Haha nice, yo what's you're schedule like next Sunday? 
Yo buddy, what's your schedule like next Sunday? I'm thinking about setting up the suit fitting for then.
Haha buddy sorry for the late response, you get it unstuck? 
Were in the backyard.
Ok sounds good.
Nope the ribs just went on the bbq.
Ok were just heading over to mom and dads right now.
Ok sweet! 
Hey are you guys gonna be at mom and dads today? 
Hey momma, we'll be over there around 11 I'm thinking.
Alright cool, not sure if I can do Tuesday I think were going to look at wedding bands but I'll let you know.
Alright cool ill bring them back with me then.
Nice you in cliverdale again next week? 
Em wanted to go and do some stuff for the wedding with her mom, so we're just hanging out really.
Yea I'll do it on Saturday while we are there.
Haha that's ok, maybe we'll come for lunch on Saturday and hang out for a bit? 
Cool, yea I'm heading to hope tomorrow, not gonna make it to the surprise party tho.
What you doing this weekend? 
Hahaha.
Jord dustin and shane 
Alright cool if these other fuckers ever get back to me haha I will.
Out this way at queensborough landing is the store I went to yesterday, so probably there.
Not too sure haha, what's your schedule looking like, I was thinking next weekend sometime probably.
Oh dang, ok that's ok.
Yo momma, so we're thinking we'll come over there tomorrow night if you guys aren't busy? 
Alright boys, so I finally went to check out some stuff for suits haha, I think we'll do it at moores, it looks like it'll be about $189 plus tax for a rental, so that's not to bad, I might try and arrange a day that we can all go, but if that doesn't work out you guys can always go to the closest moored and get sized up there once I have all the details finalized 
Alright boys, so I finally went to check out some stuff for suits haha, I think we'll do it at moores, it looks like it'll be about $189 plus tax for a rental, so that's not to bad, I might try and arrange a day that we can all go, but if that doesn't work out you guys can always go to the closest moored and get sized up there once I have all the details finalized 
Alright boys, so I finally went to check out some stuff for suits haha, I think we'll do it at moores, it looks like it'll be about $189 plus tax for a rental, so that's not to bad, I might try and arrange a day that we can all go, but if that doesn't work out you guys can always go to the closest moored and get sized up there once I have all the details finalized 
Alright boys, so I finally went to check out some stuff for suits haha, I think we'll do it at moores, it looks like it'll be about $189 plus tax for a rental, so that's not to bad, I might try and arrange a day that we can all go, but if that doesn't work out you guys can always go to the closest moored and get sized up there once I have all the details finalized 
Hahaha yea for sure.
Not that we need it now haha but for the future.
Yea that's too bad, maybe ill take a look and see if I can find one.
Haha yea its no easy task for sure, that's why I was hoping it all came in that project anarchy. Cuz then you would only need to know the relevant parts for the engine.
Oh yea so no point then really.
Oh gotcha, there's no way to keep the poly count low? 
Haha damn, what's that 3d modelling one you're using right now? 
Yea so I lied, you do need some sort of 3d studio haha, they were just walking through how to use 3ds max and I thought it was part of the package. So you would need to learn something like blender since its in our price range (aka free)
You'll have to learn some scripting though most likely.
Yea man, and from the looks of the art tutorials, you'd be able to draw stuff in, add physics properties and then run them to actually test and visualize it.
Yea it looks like the havok studio has decided to develop a free mobile engine. Which is legit because their console engine has been used for some big games.
Actually there are some nice tutorials on the site already for all that stuff.
Haha well yea I'd have to look and see at what it all can do, will need to wait until there's some more resources for it out there. But from the looks of it, it includes a drawing studio built in, so that it will be all compatible without much hassle 
I think its intended for 3d but you can most likely do 2d as well. I don't want to use it for our cane right now. But I'm thinking it might be a good option for our next one.
Check this out www.projectanarchy.com.
Haha yea it definitely is. We could still get together and do something tho.
Nice! Haha I would love to, except my clubs are in hope right now 
Haha what's happening? 
Yo buddy.
Yea that's what janelle was saying, that's awesome wouldn't be surprised if it was one of his brothers haha.
Haha not too sure, hopefully soon, need to run him around with riley again haha.
Haha you bastard! 
Oh gotcha, yea that coulda been good.
Oh damn yea someone finally came, house the new place? All unpacked? 
Haha yea you have a buyer? 
Hey yea I did actually, on like Wednesday or something 
Ok I will haha How's the new house?! 
Cool! Charlie us good, getting more mischievous every day haha.
It was by lickman road exit, name was Julie meloshinsky.
Haha sweet! That would be pretty cool.
Haha k ill come get you.
Hahaha kk no worries big guy.
Hey buddy, what you guys doing tonight? Not too sure if lindsey got the Facebook invite but were having a couple people at our place tonight if you guys are free.
Haha k beauty! Where you at? 
Its a bit of a small crowd haha lots of people bailed out.
Just 7
Haha no worries, we miss you too! Hopefully see you Saturday.
Haha ok no prob, yea I definitely didn't get it haha, but yea I'll let you if a few days about saturday 
Hey sorry I didn't text you back a while ago! Haha I think ill be coming down down next week, are you guys gonna make it out here today? 
Cool.
Just call me when you get here, I'll tell you how to get in.
Just call me when you get here, I'll tell you how to get in.
Haha ok no prob, we'll be alright here anyway.
Haha hey if you haven't left maybe bring a fold up chair or 2 if you have any.
Nice! 
you done work already.
Hey its 7 rialto court, new westminster.
We got some margaritas, but you might want some booze of your own.
Yourself, and your girlfriend and some booze.
The address is 7 rialto court, just give me a call when you're here.
Alright cool.
Haha oh nice, well most people aren't getting here until later, I gotta do a few errands and then I'll be back here.
Nice! We're in new west now tho, so I don't know if that's too out of the way for you.
Hey buddy! What's going on? Comig to our house warming today? 
Yea no worries, wears gonna bring the food out around 6 anyway I think.
Melo? 
You think your gonna make it out today? 
Haha yea exactly, probably worse than a kid 
I know buddy I forgot to, I've got my hands full with this puppy of ours so I wouldn't have made it anyway.
Haha.
Sweet buddy sounds good, I'm making pulled pork.
Register tonight it takes like 2 seconds.
Haha yea we are.
good to go*
Doesn't start until around 4 so you're good to good if you wanna come down, can always crash on our couch.
Having a little house warming gathering.
Oh really? Haha cool its all good.
Yo buddy you guys gonna make it over here tomorrow? 
You coming out tomorrow? 
Yo buddy you guys coming out tomorrow? 
Oh yea and my ouya finally came haha, so maybe one day we can port the game to that.
Haha yea for sure.
We haven't talked about the game for a couple weeks now so I just wanted to make sure you knew I was still thinking about it haha.
Ok cool, yea maybe do some mock ups of some menus.
Ok cool, and yea for sure, I wanna get this thing out the door soon, I'm gonna try to put my head down and get some more shit done again. Have you been doing anything recently? 
Haha yea for sure, yea I guess you're back in school then.
Now that they're in there it shouldn't be very hard at all, the next big thing for me will be getting the ground and background moving.
Haha yea well he's crossed with a smaller breed of retriever too but still gonna be fairly big haha.
Haha its a golden retriever.
Fuck we got a puppy last week so my production on the game has dropped off significantly haha.
Haha yea.
Oh really? Ok no prob i havent spent any yet.
Haha he's good! Had his longest day alone today so we were a little worried but he was a good boy and just slept in his kennel.
Hey marsh em and I actually won't be making it to baseball tonight, we gotta go to the vet.
Marine is gold right now just be careful at knight street cops are there.
Go left behind whet and keep going.
Haha.
I meant to say stay left 
Where you at? 
So yea if you stay right when you come in, you'll walk right part us.
Cool.
K cool where you at? 
Granville island, parking is a bitch haha, were hanging out on the glass by the watet.
Haha that's good! 
Haha that's good! Is he being a good boy? 
Yea man for sure, I'm hoping to free up weekend for it soon haha.
Hey buddy, sorry I didn't text you earlier, I'm helping janelle and Tyson move this weekend and originally it was supposed to be Monday, but loathed want to do it tomorrow, I don't know if golf will be in the forecast for me.
Yea no prob buddy, what's your schedule like coming up? 
To Chilli? 
Should be home by 6
I sure am, I heard from a little birdy you were too.
Haha ok I'm heading over in a few.
If you're not busy I think I might bring Charlie for a little visit? 
Thanks! Yea I think it looks pretty good too, how are you guys? 
Haha no worries, alright well give me a shout and we can figure something out.
Ok grandma! I will talk to you later.
Yea ok sounds good give me a text later and ill see what I can do.
you gonna be around in the evening still.
Shit I don't think that's gonna work for me, I gotta do some shit tomorrow during the day.
Yea man I would like to but I don't think I'll be able to on Saturday, Sunday might be the best are you still around? 
They are in the process of moving this weekend, I'm going down there tomorrow to help out.
Haha no I guess I don't have your number, and nope I'm not feeling to jittery yet! Haha.
Who is this? Haha.
Hey buddy what day were you thinking about hitting the links? 
Haha fuck its gonna be shifty drive home though it looks lije.
Haha yea you drove right past my window, I was like wtf? 
Skipping the traffic? 
Haha what's your guys schedule like next week? I'm gonna be taking him to hope with me this weekend.
Haha no problem.
We just got here so don't worry about texting.
Ok sounds good.
Give me a text when you guys are close.
Ok have a good night! 
Haha ok i'll keep that in mind.
Yea sounds good lets do it, he needs to go for a nice play before bed haha.
Haha he'll be coming for a visit on the weekend so get ready! 
Haha really good! Just woke up from his nap! 
Alright they're already out there but lets definitely try to, possibly have a few brews too.
Haha so you probably saw we couldn't resist and bought a puppy haha I'm blaming you guys :-P 
Nice buddy sounds good.
Haha yea man we bit the bullet, haven't had much sleep the past few days though haha, and yea I'm heading to hope this weekend but we should get together fairly soon for sure.
I have to install something haha one sec.
Haha yea, you'll have plenty of time to see him coming up I feel like anyway, maybe do some babysitting for us while we're at work.
Ok sounds good, just let me know.
Hey I'm home today, so feel free to come over later if you guys want to see charlie.
Haha ok see you on the weekend! 
Haha yea, we couldn't resist! I'm actually sick today so it kind of worked out good to house train him a bit.
Haha I know by the time we got home it was late I was gonna call today, and yea I'll be bringing him with me.
Haha k will do, don't tell patty Wayne yet haha cud I haven't even told them.
Right ob.
The buzzer still doesn't work so just text me when you're here or come around the back.
Cool sounds good.
Yea man.
Yo buddy, you left your mom and dads yet? Maybe we'll just stop by there gonna head out that way anyways.
K cool buddy, em wants to see kona haha so just let us know, we're at her mom and dads so you can always bring her here if you want? 
Yea something like that probably.
I'm not too sure I was just getting my car and am gonna head back to Em's mom and dads to pack the gifts up in it, so we'll probably be there for a while.
Nice well I think me and em are sticking around for a bit, Nicole didn't get to see em yesterday haha so maybe we can get together sometime.
Hahaha buddy, its all good what you doing today? 
K beauty.
Now haha.
K we'll get you 
K where are you? 
Haha dang, that's ok! Save it for the wedding! 
Haha umm not quite sure, go up the road past lakeway towards the river to the very end, then turn left and look for all the cars.
Haha Woohoo! Come on over! 
Yo buddy heading to laportes, meet us there.
Yep.
Yea do it up.
I'm at my parents em is still at her aunts.
Beauty haha.
Beauty.
Haha nice sounds good.
Budddy, where the fuck are ya? 
Cool sounds good.
You going to your parents? 
Nice yea come on over whenever.
Yo buddy just hangin out at my parents, you done running? 
Yea no worries haha.
Cool sounds good.
Yea not sure haha its emilys bridal shower right now so either they'll come here or we'll meet them somewhere.
Haha drinks and then some more drinks.
Haha nice, just got back to my parents, probably gonna start drinking.
well she'd already missing it haha.
Haha cool, Nicole might miss this bridal shower.
Yo buddy what's going on.
Haha at my parents you on your way now? 
Cool sounds good.
Drinks and more drinks.
Yo buddy, just got back to my parents, head over if you want 
K heading home now.
Nice yea I'm in town text after your run.
Cool well ill be back at my parents in a bit if you wanna stop by, ill text you when I get there.
Nice how long you sticking around? 
You still in town? 
Yo buddy what are you doin? 
Good they just portaged hospital rock.
K will do.
Haha Olympic flame? Weeeird, but yea ill let you know what the plan is, just visiting with the rents.
you too? 
Yea man just got in tonight.
Yea for sure dude, I think we've got a few weekends free sometime in there haha but yea definitely.
Damn dude that sucks, our thoughts are with you guys, we've been good, the new place is good too, you guys gonna make it out to the house warming? 
Hey buddy, just heard the bad news, sorry to hear big guy.
K right on sounds good.
Nice, well I'm in town I think were gonna get together for some drinks and stuff I'll text you more details tomorrow haha still not exactly sure what's going on, but if you're not too busy should make an appearance.
Whenever haha just in general.
Hey buddy what you up to tomorrow? 
Just picking up em, be there in 10 or so.
Ok I'm like 2 mins away.
Yea sounds maybe right around the old spaghetti factory or something 
So in gonna probably leave work around 3:30 so I should be in new west around 4, gotta make a quick stop at our house too.
Yea exactly, basically for every sprite, I define a "body" which is the hit boxes essentially, plus a couple other physics attributes, so its gonna be really useful.
K I put it in there.
Yea, its helping so much too haha ill take a screenshot so you can see what its like, I don't have the zombies right yet but you'll get the gist of it.
Fuck I finally figured out my problem with this god damn game! Haha.
Haha k.
tomorrow that is, he'll for sure be there by Saturday at the latest.
I talked to jord, he thinks he's coming out, but he's still not sure.
Book us in for 2 tomorrow for dinner! 
I'm heading out of town tomorrow unfortunately.
Ok sounds good.
Yea, what time do you leave work? Ill probably leave here around 4 so ill be there around 4:30
Either way, doesn't matter, I think we'll go out on the Portmann anyway.
We could just meet at the new west sky train if you want? 
Yea I think I'm going to go Friday, that work for you? 
Haha that's awesome, yea I can't wait to start, people are just raving about it.
Hey I think ill be heading down on Friday.
Nice! I was in the states for a few days so ill be picking it up this week.
Yea man that'll look legit when its done.
Fuck that's sick! 
Nope.
Just beers for me.
Hahaha.
Nope I won't be able to make it.
Hey sorry I didn't text back before haha we are actually heading down to the states this weekend, Thanks for the invite anyway! 
Ah nice, well I think em put a date up for a house warming party for us on July 6, you should definitely come to that haha.
how long*
Oh gotcha, vowing you guys gonna be up there? 
Alright cool no worries big guy, I thought you might be working.
Hey buddy hope you don't have plans already for next weekend, June 22, but that's emilys bridal shower, and they want us guys to head over there in the evening to have a little party.
soon*
Haha I know I texted em, I think she made a mistake, I don't know when she is planning it for haha but I'm sure she'll update it soob 
Hey so unfortunately I've gotta head downtown later after work for something so I want be able to make it out for dinner but happy birthday anyway! Sorry I can't make it out.
Haha that's awesome! 
Ok when will you be home? 
Hey there I'm going to be home from work a little bit early are you home? 
Ok will do.
Ok so you want me to text you when I leave? 
Does 5 or 5:30 work for you today.
Hi there, I was just emailing you about the tv.
Hey hey, so Em is working on Monday so it'll just be me coming out.
Haha ok I don't think were busy but ill let you know 
Haha yea I don't keep track of these kinds of things haha.
Hmm not that I can think of right now haha but Emily would probably now better than me, why what's happening? 
Haha yea we were a little early too.
Otherwise I woulda.
Shit we already headed out this way.
Yo buddy, coming to the game tonight? 
Hey sounds good! I don't think we have anything going on, I'll check and see if em is working but I'll most likely be there for sure.
Yep I'm just at the gym but I'll get her to call you when I'm home is that ok? 
Sick! New code taking effect on dec 2 that will let us cancel our cell phone plan after 2 years with no penalty 
I don't even know what to do about this.. I'm not going to be able to sleep tonighy.
Oh my fucking god!!! 
We're watching it right now! 
Sweet Thanks! 
Hey girl, did you hear back from Garry? 
What's adriennes  number? 
Oh don't worry about it, em was pretty drunk so we figured should head home haha it was alright though, had some drinks at seans and then went to that fets place.
Nice I got that computer going, she's running likes top! 
Haha I know that feeling, your working at 7 tonight? 
Haha! What doing? 
Haha why do you even want them, not like the riders will even be there.
Haha holy shit that's expensive! 
Come on down! 
Yo buddy going to fats or fets or something on commercial.
Him not too sure i'll text you when I find out.
em*
Haha gonna have a couple drinks I think, am and her sister are there, gonna meet them and sean.
Nice! That's legit, well if you feel like heading down to commercial that's where I'm going right now 
Beauty, what doing? 
You working tonight? 
Haha thank you! 
Give that girl some water please! Haha.
No way! Haha of course that would happen, right when youre on your way.
Hey buddy, happy birthday! I'll probably call you guys tomorrow or something, hope it was a good one.
Ah shit that's too bad.
Oh nice, you here back from Randy about the guy who might be interested in yours? 
You test drive that truck today? 
What?! Yea I thought that might happen, with that team's roster there's no reason they couldn't go to the finals at least.
Haha I know I was pretty shocked actually but maybe the other team cancelled out or something 
No no its all good, I was just curious if you went yet or not.
Dang, okay see you next week.
Hey marsh what's the status, are we gonna play tonight? 
When you test diving that truck? 
Brouwer still there? 
Haha oh no, the old hangover headache, I think if I had any more drinks I would be right there with you this morning.
Feeling very lazy...... 
jord*
Nevermind lord brought back haha.
Hey you guys didn't happen to see ems clutch anywhere? 
Haha kk ill figure it out.
Beauty.
Yo buddy, where you guys at? 
Yo buddy, just text/phone me when you're here, I still gotta come let you in, parking might be a premium again since its Sunday haha.
Ok man sounds good, yea let me know a day and I'll see if I can make it.
K cool.
Nice yea I haven't seen those guys for a bit, gotta get together with them, alright just throw me a text when/if you're heading out.
Alright cool buddy up to you, just throwing it out there haha how was pemby? 
Hey the address for dad tomorrow is, 46074 Bonny ave, she says its off Young, a few blocks before minter gardens, her cell number is 6047992489 and her name is Jennifer.  Thanks! 
Haha nothing, em's working so I was seeing what people are doing, what's Reid doing? Maybe we get together have some beers and shoot the shit or something, come check the new place if you want.
Yo buddy, what you up to tonight? 
Oh that's right, not too sure I might just work on the computer haha.
Ok sounds good, what doing tonight? 
I'm helping Sarah load some of her stuff up so I'll be right there.
Nice, yea what time? Haha.
No prob.
ok sounds good.
Yep sounds good, what time are you planning on doing it? 
Ok sounds good.
Ok I have a couple more emails so I'll respond to them.
Hey hey, did the freezer sell? 
I think he wanted to pack for his move.
No not gonna make it tonight marsh.
Yea sounds good.
Yea doesn't matter sounds good, I'm gonna leave work like now so I'll just head your way.
Haha yea I'm most likely gonna too, you need a ride? 
Not sure, are you? I might not get there until its basically time to go.
K sounds good see you later.
Hey marsh, em isn't going to make it tonight, do we have enough girls? 
Hey, decided I was just going to head home and relax, thanks for the invite though! 
Haha yea for sure, I gotta check out that phone haha.
Haha yea buddy jord told me, that's awesome I knew you'd come around haha.
Haha its justin.
Ok sounds good.
Hey, Thanks for the invite I may stop by later, I actually dropped her off and now I'm at jords so I'm down here.
Yea.
Just phone me when you're here.
Kk.
Yo buddy, just crossing bridge 
Ok yea, I'll text you when I'm at bridge or something? 
Oh gotcha, well I'm heading home like now, you wanna head out my way? 
Haha close, guy was asking 700, got it for 550, he wants to know if you signed up for that course? 
He says boat, paddle, and skirt, guess how much.
Jackson is a type of kayak? 
Hahaha time to light her up? 
Yep my dads here.
Yea haha I left yesterday around 1, just for came out for a quick visit, wanted to do something on my car.
Don't matter, I'm actually in hope right now, but I'm leaving fairly shortly.
Haha nice, what's your plan for the day? 
Haha nice, was it sunny? 
haha I haven't gone on their for a few days.
Oh nice, how was camping? 
Haha nice, she had a friend staying down? 
Yo buddy, what's happening? 
Ok sounds good, I was just at fullbrooks so I'll head over there 
Hey buddy, happy birthday, sorry I couldn't make it out last night.
I'll probably leave around noon I'm thinking.
Uncle Justin's coming out! 
Ok yea just cause I won't be making it down Saturday, but possibly Sunday, its all up in the air though.
Hey what are you guys doing Sunday? 
Haha yea, its still confusing to me too, the app version is especially confusing 
Haha yea I started messing around, its not bad actually, I'm gonna try to get some people to use it haha 
I'm starting to use Google plus haha.
Haha I dunno you got any ideas.
Yea buddy.
Yep! Looooong weekend! 
Hey hey, I think that jord and sarah are actually going camping on saturday, I might come down though not too sure yet, I have some things I wanna do during the day.
Yea buddy! 
Shit don't tell her... 
Wait what.
Haha love you! 
Yea man I'm coming in with shane.
Alright, think I'm gonna make it haha, what time you guys meeting there? 
Yo buddy you guys still going for dinner tonghtl.
Hey marsh I was just gonna text you that me and Emily gotta bail on softball tonight unfortunately, be there next week.
Haha yea that was choking at its finest, make the canucks look good.
Haha yea it was brutal, I don't even like the leafs but I hate Boston so I'm pulling for them.
Oh nice, the canucks really screwed up our plans to meet for a game haha.
like the store I mean Haha.
Oh shit, nice, where you at now then? Chilliwack? 
Its all good, I won't be able to make it tomorrow, got softball, what you doin tonight? 
Hahahaha.
I'm just at the gym, trying to gauge if ill have enough time or not.
You're leaving van at 630? 
goin*
Haha oh gotcha, what time you join? 
whereabouts? 
Oh really? 
STOP.
Cool man, well if you could get something going I'd probably commit as much as I could.
Haha no not really I gotta re-post it on craigslist I think, yea you gotta get people to play with, I might be in if we could dedicate a night to it.
Haha yea man, the family was down today so now were in relax mode haha.
Yo buddy, just hanging out on the couch haha.
Ok.
Where the heck are ya? Haha.
K we have some too.
Let me know when you're here, ill come down and let you in.
K sounds good.
We have 8, do you think that will be enough? 
Ok.
Hey I'm not to sure if we're even gonna make it or not unfortunately, it might not be worth it for us to go out if em is working, I'll find out what her schedule looks like.
Haha gonna miss that guy.
Haha I haven't played the last 2 dead space games, I should get on that, but bioshock was pretty dope, really cool story.
nothing, last new game I got was Bioshock, gonna be getting last of us in June, but that's about it for now I think.
Nice buddy sounds good, are you gonna be working all summer?  
Hey buddy, you coming down to Vancouver tonight? 
oh nice, I'm gonna watch some hockey I think, but that's about it.
haha yea still getting everything in the right spots but starting to feel like home haha.
What you getting up to tonight?
Oh not a lot, living in new westminster now haha.
Yo buddy, what's happening? 
Haha I was gonna say the same thing to you.
Haha not to bad other than the rain actually, still getting everything all organized but were liking the new place so far, you guys will have to come check it out.
Alright cool, we just moved to our new place this weekend so things are a little chaotic right now, but I'll let you know.
Not too sure big guy, haven't made any plans yet haha, what about you?
Haha yea for sure, ill let you know what's happening, but possibly get together sometime after tomorrow.
Nice buddy! Things have been a little hectic the last few days cuz we just moved, but should be back to normal soon, you just back for a week? 
Haha no prob buddy.
Haha pattie.
Haha oh really that's weird, umm I think its desjardins1@shaw.ca.
Haha you can just email my mom, it should be on the invitation.
